feat: [UIE-8372] - database migration event notification (#11590)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-11590-added-1738256866553.md

---
"@linode/manager": Added
---

> Database status display and new event notification for database migration  ([#11590](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/11590))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database status display and event notifications for database migration  ([#11590](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/11590))
```
